### Lincoln stacks

Stacks are a logical grouping of applications and resources. In practice they
are often mapped to something like a feature branch. Stacks are ephemeral by
design and should be cheap to build and tear down. Stacks are also not
constrained by size, they can be an entire ecosystem, or can just be one
application with a database.

There are a few ways available to interact with stacks:

#### Command line

When working in the shell, you can create and remove stacks at will. Once a
stack is created, you can tell Lincoln that you want that stack to be the
`current` working version. All app commands after that will use the current
stack as its target.

#### Web interface

Once a stack is created, Lincoln will respond with a local URI that maps to the
new stack. A user should be able to visit that root stack URI and be presented
with a friendly UI that interfaces with the repo and the current settings. From
within this UI, user can utilize drag and drop and widgets to update the current
stack configuration.

### Default Mode

There is another case for stacks that requires more thought. It might be too
much to expect some users to have a fleet of stacks, or even really care about
stacks at all. They might just want to interact with their company's app.  In
this case, we should have a simpler interface for loading applications that have
a basic stack default.

### Stack URI

A stack URI keeps this pattern:

`{appName}.{stackName}.{companyName}.{tld}`

A stack is accessible to the outside world from Lincoln. Lincoln keeps track of
each app that requires access and maps to a stack URI. The `name` that is
specified in the `lincoln.yml` for each application maps to the `appName` part
of the URI.

Visiting the root stack URI should present the user with an interface for
modifying that current stack.
